my-react-app/README.md, before:

# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

-   [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
-   [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

# React Intro - https://youtu.be/hn80mWvP-9g?si=1xHZCnoZZQnILjjh - DONE

# React Card Components - https://youtu.be/yYiwxYqQ9vg?si=Vs32rJVwYUD4pZqS

# React.js - How to add CSS styles - https://youtu.be/r3SMd0YTSZs?si=yLuBFAWMvKeNe84J

# PROPS in React explained - https://youtu.be/uvEAvxWvwOs?si=bEjFZo1K2GI_DMSZ

# How to CONDITIONALLY RENDER in REACT - https://youtu.be/XvURBpFxdGw?si=IO8bRQu_1hq0M2m9

# How to render LISTS in React - https://youtu.be/fkl1Kn_QWCI?si=tbYmU4LxyR-4rfyK

# Learn React Click Events - https://youtu.be/KpiiKuqNlYw?si=chcDKG8JkZqzbunO

# React useState() hook introduction - https://youtu.be/SpDG283b4bw?si=xW_ETWwlDEjt91EO

# Learn the React onChange event handler - https://youtu.be/JhIbXor84Wc?si=rRbC37NnM9Qf5nor

# Build this React Color Picker app in 10 minutes - https://youtu.be/3hCN3dLHV24?si=2hHGCZPOcfgdl8NW

#

Commit message:

finished lecture 11 - What are react updater functions?

my-react-app/README.md, after:

# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

-   [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
-   [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

# 1 - React Intro - https://youtu.be/hn80mWvP-9g?si=1xHZCnoZZQnILjjh - DONE

# 2 - React Card Components - https://youtu.be/yYiwxYqQ9vg?si=Vs32rJVwYUD4pZqS

# 3 - React.js - How to add CSS styles - https://youtu.be/r3SMd0YTSZs?si=yLuBFAWMvKeNe84J

# 4 - PROPS in React explained - https://youtu.be/uvEAvxWvwOs?si=bEjFZo1K2GI_DMSZ

# 5 - How to CONDITIONALLY RENDER in REACT - https://youtu.be/XvURBpFxdGw?si=IO8bRQu_1hq0M2m9

# 6 - How to render LISTS in React - https://youtu.be/fkl1Kn_QWCI?si=tbYmU4LxyR-4rfyK

# 7 - Learn React Click Events - https://youtu.be/KpiiKuqNlYw?si=chcDKG8JkZqzbunO

# 8 - React useState() hook introduction - https://youtu.be/SpDG283b4bw?si=xW_ETWwlDEjt91EO

# 9 - Learn the React onChange event handler - https://youtu.be/JhIbXor84Wc?si=rRbC37NnM9Qf5nor

# 10 - Build this React Color Picker app in 10 minutes - https://youtu.be/3hCN3dLHV24?si=2hHGCZPOcfgdl8NW

# 11 - What are React updater functions? - https://youtu.be/nbAaUpNDhRY?si=uczC9pPjjdEqGVQO

# 12 - React JS how to update OBJECTS in state - https://youtu.be/YxQlt3n1ZPA?si=KdUw5oJJBcQ3TTdO
